I survived the fate
raccoon city thanks to Wesker's warning
of course I knew the only reason my life
was spared was because I had the g-virus
tissue fragment but I would settle
things in time we were both used to
being back staffed and manipulated I had
a feeling our partnership would last a
little while longer
so you're Wesker jr. he lost me Albert
Wesker was a colossal imbecile a fool
who tried to destroy the world he was
also your father which makes you
to a very special party
something time
we were both used to being back stabbed
and manipulated I had a feeling our
partnership would last a little while
longer so you're Wesker jr. he lost me
Albert Wesker was a colossal imbecile a
fool who tried to destroy the world he
was also your phone
put your gun down Chris she's a key
witness we need her a witness she's the
one who did all this Resident Evil 6